for the second time this week a plane
filled with passengers had to make an
emergency landing at the orlando sanford
airport they did show us the crash
positions tonight passengers described
the tense moments after the pilot told
them they needed to be ready fortunately
the pilot was able to land safely and no
one was hurt we told you about this
story as it was breaking tonight at
six-thirty sky witness 9hd flew over
orlando sanford International Airport
shortly after the Allegiant flight
touched down Channel Nine's mark boyle
joins us live now from the airport and
mark some pretty scary moments for these
people but Allegiant is paying to put
them up in a hotel tonight a very scary
moment Marty and yes those folks who
don't live in Central Florida are saying
area hotels Allegiant says the plane
that left this Airport had a maintenance
problem with his hydraulic system and
that system controls the flaps on the
wings this happened in route to Kentucky
Agnes Williams along with 135 others on
board this a legion flight to Lexington
Kentucky didn't get far out of orlando
sanford international airport tonight
because of what airline officials are
calling an in-flight emergency a few
minutes after takeoff Brian gilson knew
something was wrong when the plane was
making turns after takeoff you could
tell it was turning differently a few
minutes later the pilot told the
passengers on flight 662 he was going to
spend more than an hour burning fuel
over daytona beach before turning back
we were told that the hydraulics and
went out and that we were prepared for
emergency landing the fuel capacity on
this md-80 series aircraft is more than
38,000 pounds they spent that oh about
30 minutes 45 minutes telling us how to
prepare for a fast landing at first the
pilot was going to land at Oia because
it has longer runways but he managed to
temporarily fix the hydraulic system
that controls the flaps on the wings and
landed at orlando sanford international
it has flaps down so he landed here
pretty normal landing so we didn't have
to do anything thank goodness once the
plane was on the ground all the
passengers walked into the ticketing
area and were rebooked on another flight
to Lexington tomorrow morning oh yes
my scary we were kissed by an angel and
the passengers stranded here we'll leave
at eight o'clock in the morning for now
reporting live orlando sanford
international airport i'm mark boyle
channel 9 Eyewitness News